AWS Lambda provide you compute power in the Cloud,
by letting you execute code without standing up or managing servers.
Just think of Lambda as a chunk of code that runs in the Cloud,
and it's meant to do one specific task.
Lambda should really focus on one specific task,
because there's currently a time limit of 15 minutes,
which was recently increased from five minutes.
An application developed using Lambdas is considered to be
serverless because you're not concerned with the server your code is running on.
Lambda offers several benefits.
You only pay for the compute time you consume.
You are not charged when your code isn't running.
You can author code locally,
and upload it, or you can write code directly via the Lambda Console.
Lambda is event driven,
so you can run your code based on certain events happening,
like a file upload,
or a record being inserted in a database.
Once the code is uploaded,
the environment takes care of everything needed to run and scale your code.
Lambda supports several run-time environments: Node.js ,
Python, Ruby, Java, Go, and.NET.
If you need a language that's not supported,
you can use custom run-times.
So the environment is very flexible.